# More examples

- For each of these examples, you can click on the [sandbox links](../../weeks/1/) to run and edit your own copies of them.
- In `int.c`, we get and print an integer:

      #include <cs50.h>
      #include <stdio.h>

      int main(void)
      {
          int age = get_int("What's your age?\n");
          int days = age * 365;
          printf("You are at least %i days old.\n", days);
      }

  - Notice that we use `%i` to print an integer.
  - We can now run `make int` and run our program with `./int`.
  - We can combine lines and remove the `days` variable with:

        int age = get_int("What's your age?\n");
        printf("You are at least %i days old.\n", age * 365);

  - Or even combine everything in one line:

        printf("You are at least %i days old.\n", get_int("What's your age?\n") * 365);

  - Though, once a line is too long or complicated, it may be better to keep two or even three lines for readability.

- In `float.c`, we can get decimal numbers (called floating-point values in computers, because the decimal point can “float” between the digits, depending on the number):

      #include <cs50.h>
      #include <stdio.h>

      int main(void)
      {
          float price = get_float("What's the price?\n");
          printf("Your total is %f.\n", price * 1.0625);
      }

  - Now, if we compile and run our program, we’ll see a price printed out with tax.
  - We can specify the number of digits printed after the decimal with a placeholder like `%.2f` for two digits after the decimal point.

- With `parity.c`, we can check if a number is even or odd:

      #include <cs50.h>
      #include <stdio.h>

      int main(void)
      {
          int n = get_int("n: ");

          if (n % 2 == 0)
          {
              printf("even\n");
          }
          else
          {
              printf("odd\n");
          }
      }

  - With the `%` (modulo) operator, we can get the remainder of `n` after it’s divided by 2. If the remainder is 0, we know that `n` is even. Otherwise, we know n is odd.
  - And functions like `get_int` from the CS50 library do error-checking, where only inputs from the user that matches the type we want is accepted.

- In `conditions.c`, we turn the condition snippets from before into a program:

      // Conditions and relational operators

      #include <cs50.h>
      #include <stdio.h>

      int main(void)
      {
          // Prompt user for x
          int x = get_int("x: ");

          // Prompt user for y
          int y = get_int("y: ");

          // Compare x and y
          if (x < y)
          {
              printf("x is less than y\n");
          }
          else if (x > y)
          {
              printf("x is greater than y\n");
          }
          else
          {
              printf("x is equal to y\n");
          }
      }

  - Lines that start with `//` are comments, or note for humans that the compiler will ignore.
  - For David to compile and run this program in his sandbox, he first needed to run `cd src1` in the terminal. This changes the directory, or folder, to the one in which he saved all of the lecture’s source files. Then, he could run `make conditions` and `./conditions`. With `pwd`, he can see that he’s in a `src1` folder (inside other folders). And `cd` by itself, with no arguments, will take us back to our default folder in the sandbox.

- In `agree.c`, we can ask the user to confirm or deny something:

      // Logical operators

      #include <cs50.h>
      #include <stdio.h>

      int main(void)
      {
          // Prompt user to agree
          char c = get_char("Do you agree?\n");

          // Check whether agreed
          if (c == 'Y' || c == 'y')
          {
              printf("Agreed.\n");
          }
          else if (c == 'N' || c == 'n')
          {
              printf("Not agreed.\n");
          }
      }

  - We use two vertical bars, `||`, to indicate a logical “or”, whether either expression can be true for the condition to be followed.
  - And if none of the expressions are true, nothing will happen since our program doesn’t have a loop.
