## check50 and style50

- We can run a command like `check50 cs50/problems/hello`, where `check50` is a program that will follow instructions identified by the argument `cs50/problems/hello` to upload, run, and test our program on CS50’s servers. This will check our program for correctness.
  - When writing software in the real world, developers will generally write their own tests to ensure their code works as they expect, especially as more features are added to the same code.
- `style50` is another program that will check our code for aesthetic issues, such as whitespace, such that our code is more readable and maintainable. For example, we might be missing indentation. And the [Style Guide](https://cs50.readthedocs.io/style/c/) will include more explanations for what we expect.
- We can even use rubber duck debugging, a method where we explain what we’re trying to do to a rubber duck, such that we realize what we’re trying to do and what we should fix.
- We also want to write our code with good design, where we not only solve the problem correctly but well, where we make reasonable choices for how our program runs, and make tradeoffs between time, development cost, and memory.

## Data Types

- In C, we have different types of variables we can use for storing data:
  - bool 1 byte
  - char 1 byte
  - int 4 bytes
  - float 4 bytes
  - long 8 bytes
  - double 8 bytes
  - string ? bytes
- Each of these types take up a certain number of bytes per variable we create, and the sizes above are what the sandbox, IDE, and most likely your computer uses for each type in C.
