# Lecture 4

- [Hexadecimal](#hexadecimal)
- [Pointers](#pointers)
- [string](#string)
- [Compare and copy](#compare-and-copy)
- [valgrind](#valgrind)
- [Swap](#swap)
- [Memory layout](#memory-layout)
- [get_int](#get_int)
- [Files](#files)
- [JPEG](#jpeg)

## Hexadecimal

- In week 0, we learned binary, a counting system with 0s and 1s.
- In week 2, we talked about memory and how each byte has an address, or identifier, so we can refer to where our variables are actually stored.
- It turns out that, by convention, the addresses for memory use the counting system **hexadecimal**, where there are 16 digits, 0-9 and A-F.
- Recall that, in binary, each digit stood for a power of 2:

      128 64 32 16  8  4  2  1
        1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1

  - With 8 bits, we can count up to 255.

- It turns out that, in hexadecimal, we can perfectly count up to 8 binary bits with just 2 digits:

      16^1 16^0
         F    F

  - Here, the `F` is a value of 15 in decimal, and each place is a power of 16, so the first `F` is 16^1 \* 15 = 240, plus the second `F` with the value of 16^0 \* 15 = 15, for a total of 255.

- And `0A` is the same as 10 in decimal, and `0F` the same as 15. `10` in hexadecimal would be 16, and we would say it as “one zero in hexadecimal” instead of “ten”, if we wanted to avoid confusion.
- The RGB color system also conventionally uses hexadecimal to describe the amount of each color. For example, `000000` in hexadecimal means 0 of each red, green, and blue, for a color of black. And `FF0000` would be 255, or the highest possible, amount of red. With different values for each color, we can represent millions of different colors.
- In writing, we can also indicate a value is in hexadecimal by prefixing it with `0x`, as in `0x10`, where the value is equal to 16 in decimal, as opposed to 10.
