## valgrind

- It turns out that, after we’re done with memory that we’ve allocated with `malloc`, we should call `free` (as in `free(t)`), which tells our computer that those bytes are no longer useful to our program, so those bytes in memory can be reused again.
- If we kept running our program and allocating memory with `malloc`, but never freed the memory after we were done using it, we would have a **memory leak**, which will slow down our computer and use up more and more memory until our computer runs out.
- `valgrind` is a command-line tool that we can use to run our program and see if it has any memory leaks. We can run valgrind on our program above with `help50 valgrind ./copy` and see, from the error message, that line 10, we allocated memory that we never freed (or “lost”).
- So at the end, we can add a line `free(t)`, which won’t change how our program runs, but no errors from valgrind.
- Let’s take a look at `memory.c`:

      // http://valgrind.org/docs/manual/quick-start.html#quick-start.prepare

      #include <stdlib.h>

      void f(void)
      {
          int *x = malloc(10 * sizeof(int));
          x[10] = 0;
      }

      int main(void)
      {
          f();
          return 0;
      }

  - This is an example from valgrind’s documentation (valgrind is a real tool, while help50 was written specifically to help us in this course).
  - The function `f` allocates enough memory for 10 integers, and stores the address in a pointer called `x`. Then we try to set the 11th value of `x` with `x[10]` to `0`, which goes past the array of memory we’ve allocated for our program. This is called **buffer overflow**, where we go past the boundaries of our buffer, or array, and into unknown memory.

- valgrind will also tell us there’s an “Invalid write of size 4” for line 8, where we are indeed trying to change the value of an integer (of size 4 bytes).
- And this whole time, the CS50 Library has been freeing memory it’s allocated in `get_string`, when our program finishes!
