## Files

- Let’s open a CSV file:

      import csv
      from cs50 import get_string

      file = open("phonebook.csv", "a")

      name = get_string("Name: ")
      number = get_string("Number: ")

      writer = csv.writer(file)
      writer.writerow((name, number))

      file.close()

  - It turns out that Python also has a `csv` package (library) that helps us work with CSV files, so after we open the file for appending, we can call `csv.writer` to create a `writer` from the file and then `writer.writerow` to write a row. With the inner parentheses, we’re creating a tuple with the values we want to write, so we’re actually passing in a single argument that has all the values for our row.

- We can use the `with` keyword, which will helpfully close the file for us:

      ...
      with open("phonebook.csv", "a") as file:
          writer = csv.writer(file)
          writer.writerow((name, number))

## New features

- A feature of Python that C does not have is **regular expressions**, or patterns against which we can match strings. For example, its syntax includes:
  - `.`, for any character
  - `.*`, for 0 or more characters
  - `.+`, for 1 or more characters
  - `?`, for something optional
  - `^`, for start of input
  - `$`, for end of input
- For example, we can match strings with:

      import re
      from cs50 import get_string

      s = get_string("Do you agree?\n")

      if re.search("^y(es)?$", s, re.IGNORECASE):
          print("Agreed.")
      elif re.search("^no?$", s, re.IGNORECASE):
          print("Not agreed.")

  - First, we need the `re` package, or library, for regular expressions.
  - Then, for `y` or `yes`, we have the regular expression `^y(es)?$`. We want to make sure that the string starts with `y`, and optionally has `es` immediately after the `y`, and then ends.
  - Similarly, for `n` and `no`, we want our string to start, have the letter `n`, and optionally the letter `o` next, and then end. The regular expression for that would be `^no?$`.
  - We pass in another argument, `re.IGNORECASE`, to ignore the casing of the letters in the string.
  - If neither regular expression matches, we wouldn’t print anything.
