## IMDb

- IMDb, or “Internet Movie Database”, has datasets [available to download](https://www.imdb.com/interfaces/) as TSV, or tab-separate values, files.
- For example, we can download `title.basics.tsv.gz`, which will contain basic data about titles:
  - `tconst`, a unique identifier for each title, like `tt4786824`
  - `titleType`, the type of the title, like `tvSeries`
  - `primaryTitle`, the main title used, like `The Crown`
  - `startYear`, the year a title was released, like `2016`
  - `genres`, a comma-separated list of genres, like `Drama,History`
- We take a look at `title.basics.tsv` after we’ve unzipped it, and we see that the first rows are indeed the headers we expected and each row has values separated by tabs. But the file has more than 6 million rows, so even searching for one value takes a moment.
- We’ll download the file into our IDE with `wget`, and then `gunzip` to unzip it. But our IDE doesn’t have enough space, so we’ll use our Mac’s terminal instead.
- We’ll write `import.py` to read the file in:

      import csv

      # Open TSV file for reading
      with open("title.basics.tsv", "r") as titles:

          # Since the file is a TSV file, we can use the CSV reader and change
          # the separator to a tab.
          reader = csv.DictReader(titles, delimiter="\t")

          # Open new CSV file for writing
          with open("shows0.csv", "w") as shows:

              # Create writer
              writer = csv.writer(shows)

              # Write header of the columns we want
              writer.writerow(["tconst", "primaryTitle", "startYear", "genres"])

              # Iterate over TSV file
              for row in reader:

                  # If non-adult TV show
                  if row["titleType"] == "tvSeries" and row["isAdult"] == "0":

                      # Write row
                      writer.writerow([row["tconst"], row["primaryTitle"], row["startYear"], row["genres"]])

- Now, we can open `shows0.csv` and see a smaller set of data. But it turns out, for some of the rows, `startYear` has a value of `\N`, and that’s a special value from IMDb when they want to represent values that are missing. So we can filter out those values and convert the `startYear` to an integer to filter for shows after 1970:

      ...
      # If year not missing (We need to escape the backslash too)
      if row["startYear"] != "\\N":

          # If since 1970
          if int(row["startYear"]) >= 1970:

              # Write row
              writer.writerow([row["tconst"], row["primaryTitle"], row["startYear"], row["genres"]])
