## Routers

- To route data from one place to another, we need to make _routing decisions_. That is, someone needs to program how data is transfered from point A to point B.
- You can imagine how data could take multiple paths from point A and point B, such that when a router is congested, data can flow through another path.
- _TCP/IP_ are two protocols that allow computers to transfer data between them over the internet.
- _IP_ or _internet protocol_ is a way by which computers can identify one another across the internet. Every computer has a unique address in the world. Addresses are in this form:

        #.#.#.#

- Numbers range from `0` to `255`. IP addresses are 32-bits, meaning that these addresses could accommodate over 4 billion addresses. Newer versions of IP addresses can accommodate far more computers!
- In the real world, servers do a lot of work for us.
- _TCP_, or transmission control protocol, is used to distinguish web services from one another. For example, `80` is used to denote HTTP and `443` is used to denote HTTPS. These numbers are _port numbers_.
- When information is sent from one location to another, an IP address and TCP port number are sent.
- These protocols are also used to fragment large files into multiple parts called _packets_. For example, a large photo of a cat can be sent in multiple packets. When a packet is lost, TCP/IP can request missing packets again from the origin server.
- TCP will acknowledge when all the data has been transmitted and received.

## DNS

- It would be very tedious if you needed to remember an address number to visit a website.
- _DNS_, or _domain name systems_, is a collection of servers on the internet that are used to route website addresses like _harvard.edu_ to a specific IP address.
- DNS simply hold a table or database that links specific, fully qualified domain names to specific IP addresses.
