# Lecture 9

- [Welcome!](#welcome)
- [Static to Dynamic](#static-to-dynamic)
- [Flask](#flask)
- [Layout](#layout)
- [POST](#post)
- [Frosh IMs](#frosh-ims)
- [Flask and SQL](#flask-and-sql)
- [Session](#session)
- [Store](#store)
- [API](#api)
- [JSON](#json)
- [Summing Up](#summing-up)

## Welcome!

- In previous weeks, you have learned numerous programming languages, techniques, and strategies.
- Indeed, this class has been far less of a _C class_ or _Python class_ and far more of a _programming class_, such that you can go on to follow future trends.
- In these past several weeks, you have learned _how to learn_ about programming.
- Today, we will be moving from HTML and CSS into combining HTML, CSS, SQL, Python, and JavaScript so you can create your own web applications.

## Static to Dynamic

- Up until this point, all HTML you saw was pre-written and static.
- In the past, when you visited a page, the browser downloaded an HTML page, and you were able to view it.
- Dynamic pages refer to the ability of Python and similar languages to create HTML files on-the-fly. Accordingly, you can have web pages that are generated by options selected by your user.
- You have used `http-server` in the past to serve your web pages. Today, we are going to utilize a new server that can parse out a web address and perform actions based on the URL provided.

## Flask

- _Flask_ is a third-party library that allows you to host web applications using the Flask framework within Python.
- You can run flask by executing `flask run`.
- To do so, you will need a file called `app.py` and a folder called `templates`.
- To get started, create a folder called `templates` and create a file called `index.html` with the following code:

      <!DOCTYPE html>

      <html lang="en">
          <head>
              <meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1, width=device-width">
              <title>hello</title>
          </head>
          <body>
              hello, {{ name }}
          </body>
      </html>

  Notice the double `{{ name }}` that is a placeholder for something that will be later provided by our Flask server.

- Then, in the same folder that the `templates` folder appears, create a file called `app.py` and add the following code:

      # Greets user

      from flask import Flask, render_template, request

      app = Flask(__name__)


      @app.route("/")
      def index():
          return render_template("index.html", name=request.args.get("name", "world"))

  Notice that this code defines `app` as the Flask application. Then, it defines the `/` route of `app` as returning the contents of `index.html` with the argument of `name`. By default, the `request.args.get` function will look for the `name` being provided by the user. If no name is provided, it will default to `world`.
