- Finally, add a final file in the same folder as `app.py` called `requirements.txt` that has only a single line of code:

      Flask

  Notice only `Flask` appears in this file.

- You can run this file by typing `flask run` in the terminal window. If Flask does not run, ensure that your syntax is correct in each of the files above. Further, if Flask will not run, make sure your files are organized as follows:

      /templates
          index.html
      app.py
      requirements.txt

  Once you get it running, you will be prompted to click a link. Once you navigate to that webpage, try adding `?name=[Your Name]` to the base URL in your browser’s URL bar.

- Improving upon our program, we know that most users will not type arguments into the address bar. Instead, programmers rely upon users to fill out forms on web pages. Accordingly, we can modify index.html as follows:

      <!DOCTYPE html>

      <html lang="en">
          <head>
              <meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1, width=device-width">
              <title>hello</title>
          </head>
          <body>
              <form action="/greet" method="get">
                  <input autocomplete="off" autofocus name="name" placeholder="Name" type="text">
                  <button type="submit">Greet</button>
              </form>
          </body>
      </html>

  Notice that a form is now created that takes the user’s name and then passes it off to a route called `/greet`.

- Further, we can change `app.py` as follows:

      # Adds a form, second route

      from flask import Flask, render_template, request

      app = Flask(__name__)


      @app.route("/")
      def index():
          return render_template("index.html")


      @app.route("/greet")
      def greet():
          return render_template("greet.html", name=request.args.get("name", "world"))

  Notice that the default path will display a form for the user to input their name. The `/greet` route will pass the `name` to that web page.

- To finalize this implementation, you will need another template for `greet.html` as follows:

      <!DOCTYPE html>

      <html lang="en">
          <head>
              <meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1, width=device-width">
              <title>hello</title>
          </head>
          <body>
              hello, {{ name }}
          </body>
      </html>

  Notice that this route will now render the greeting to the user, followed by their name.
