## Obtaining Your Certificate

### How do I get my free CS50 Certificate?

Once you have completed the course and met all of the requirements (per the above), you’ll see a link on your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) page allowing you to request a free CS50 Certificate, much like the one [shown here](../certificate/). This link will be available within approximately four hours after you receive your score for your last required assignment and your progress bar in your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) indicates course completion. Once this link appears, you should then proceed to log in using your **GitHub** credentials. If you have trouble accessing it, try logging out of GitHub and back in, then revisit the link to download your certificate. Be sure to request your certificate **before** 1 January.

### How do I get my verified certificate from edX?

Every three weeks, CS50’s staff provides edX with a list of students who have satisfied the course’s requirements (by receiving scores of at least 70% on each of all of the required problems). Typically, within a week thereafter, edX then generates students’ verified certificates (for students who have active verification), at which point they should appear automatically on edX’s [dashboard](https://courses.edx.org/dashboard). Thus, after you have satisfied the course’s requirements, it can take up to 30 days for your verified certificate to be generated by edX. Note that edX will **not** notify you, so be sure to check your dashboard periodically.

If it has been **more than 30 days** since you met all requirements and you have still not received your certificate despite holding an active Verification that whole time, email certificates@cs50.harvard.edu with your details. Please do not email sooner; we cannot accept requests for expedited processing of verified certificates.

### Can you rush the issuance of my verified certificate from edX?

No.

### Why did I not get my verified certificate after 30 days?

First, recall that your verified edX certificate will be issued by edX up to 30 days after three criteria are met: (a) Your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) shows that you have completed all of the required assignments with at least a 70% score or higher on each, (b) you have made payment to edX and completed their verification process, resulting in a verified badge on your edX dashboard, and (c) you have linked your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) to your edX account. Thus, you should ensure that 30 days have passed since all three of these above criteria have occurred.

Second, we can only inform edX of your passing status if you have linked your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) to edX. Visit your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) and ensure that no gold bar appears at the top of the page stating that you must link your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) to your edX account. If you see such a gold bar, complete the linking process. Then, re-read the above about the timing in which you might expect to receive your certificate.

Finally, if you still have not received your edX certificate, best to ensure that the edX username that appears at the top of your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) is the same edX username that appears at the top of your [edX dashboard](https://courses.edx.org/dashboard). If there is a mismatch between these usernames, you will need to inform edX that they need to transfer your verification payment to the correct username, as we have likely already informed them that the edX username that appears on top of your [Gradebook](https://cs50.me/cs50x) has passed the course.

### Can I change the name on my certificate?

No, we cannot make changes to the name on your certificate. Because we rely upon you to type the name correctly and because of the huge number of students with whom we work, it is not feasible for us to provide name changes. You are welcome to upgrade to a verified certificate and communicate with edX about what name will appear on your verified edX certificate by emailing them at [info@edX.org](mailto:info@edx.org).

### Do you offer a printed certificate?

No: Best to take your digital certificate to a local print shop that will print it for you.

## Using Your Certificate

### How should I describe my verified certificate on my resume or elsewhere?

When citing your HarvardX credentials on your resume or LinkedIn profile relating to your verified edX certificate, please utilize this template:

For your resume, use the following language: _HarvardX_ _\[Course name\]_

For listing your certificate on your LinkedIn profile, input details under the “Education” as follows: _School: HarvardX_ _Dates Attended: \[The year you participated in the program\]_ _Degree: Other; Certificate in \[Course name\]_ _Field of Study: Leave blank_ _Grade: Complete_ _Activities and Societies: Leave blank_

Additionally, edX provides the following blog posts that may also be helpful:

- [3 Reasons to Add Online Courses to Your CV and How To Do It](https://blog.edx.org/3-reasons-add-online-courses-cv-how-to-do-it). Specifically, at the end of the article, it discusses how you should add this information to your resume.
- [How can I add my certificate to my LinkedIn profile?](https://support.edx.org/hc/en-us/articles/206501938-How-can-I-add-my-certificate-to-my-LinkedIn-profile-)
